nueva_linea A
nueva_linea B
nueva_estacion A Sevistan 10
nueva_estacion A Cadistan 50
nueva_estacion B Malaguistan 30
nueva_linea C
nueva_estacion C Sevistan 10
nueva_estacion C Malaguistan 20
nueva_estacion C Cordobistan 40
lineas_de Sevistan
proxima_estacion A Sevistan
proxima_estacion B Sevistan
proxima_estacion C Sevistan
eliminar_estacion Malaguistan
proxima_estacion C Sevistan
FIN
nueva_linea A
nueva_linea A
nueva_linea B
nueva_estacion A Almeristan 10
nueva_estacion A Almeristan 20
nueva_estacion A Granadistan 10
nueva_estacion A Almeristan 10
eliminar_estacion Inexistan
lineas_de Inexistan
proxima_estacion A Almeristan
proxima_estacion B Almeristan
proxima_estacion C Almeristan
proxima_estacion A Inexistan
FIN
